First, the ends of the household budget
are sewn together at 1
point 5 cm intervals.
Place a pin at the centre of the hem.
I'll spread it out.
Combining Chieri's mountain and
the family lineage's mountain.
Extend the hemline by 0.5
cm and secure with a pin.
Place a pin 4cm flat from the collar peak.
Loosen the family lineage
slightly within 8 centimetres.
I'll pin it.
Then pin it flat.
Through the grain of the
fabric at the collar's edge.
Secure firmly with a pin.
I shall instruct Mr Oriyama
of the accounting department.
Leave a seam allowance at the
hem of the household budget.
Sew 0.5 cm above the fold line.
Therefore.
Secure the collar side
with basting stitches.
Fold in half with the right sides facing.
Align the left and right selvedges, trim
the fabric, and proceed
to mark the pattern.